Opening up a world of opportunity 
HSBC is one of the largest banking and financial 
services organisations in the world.
Guided by our purpose of opening up a world of 
opportunity, our ambition is to become the world’s 
most trusted bank globally, putting customers at 
the heart of everything we do. In this year’s report
Strategic report
2 Highlights
4 Who we are
5 Group Chairman’s shareholder letter 
7 Group CEO’s shareholder letter
9 Our strategy 
12 Financial overview
16 Business segments
25 ESG overview
27 Board engagement with stakeholders
and decision making 
30 Risk overview
32 Long-term viability and going 
concern statement
Environmental, social and
governance (‘ESG’) review
34  Environmental
52  Social
58  Governance
Financial review
66  Financial summary
76  Business segments and legal 
        entities
92  Alternative performance measures
Risk review
98  Our approach to risk
100  Top and emerging risks
105  Our material banking risks
Corporate governance report
187  Biographies of Directors and 
     senior management
200  Board committees
216  Directors’ remuneration report
Financial statements
253  Independent auditors’ report
262  Financial statements
274  Notes on the financial statements
Additional information
356  Shareholder information
366  Abbreviations
This Strategic Report was approved by the 
Board on 25 February 2026 and signed on its 
behalf by the Group Chairman. 
Brendan Nelson 
Group Chairman
A reminder 
The currency we report in is US dollars. 
Our approach to ESG reporting
We embed our ESG reporting and Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’) within 
our Annual Report and Accounts. Our TCFD 
disclosures are highlighted with the following 
symbol: 
Use of alternative performance 
measures
We supplement our IFRS Accounting Standards 
figures with non-IFRS Accounting Standards 
measures used by management internally that 
constitute alternative performance measures under 
European Securities and Markets Authority guidance 
and non-GAAP financial measures defined in and 
presented in accordance with US Securities and 
Exchange Commission rules and regulations.
These measures are highlighted with the following 
symbol: 
ø
Ñ Further explanation may be found on page 66.
Financial targets
For our financial targets, medium term is defined as 
between three to five years, and long term as five to 
six years, from 1 January 2026.
Ñ See page 3 for details on our forward guidance 
and outlook.
None of the websites referred to in this Annual Report 
and Accounts 2025 for the year ended 31 December 
2025 (including where a link is provided), and none of 
the information contained on such websites, are 
incorporated by reference in this report.
HSBC Holdings plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
TCFD
© Co
pyright HSBC Holdings plc 2026
All rights reserved 
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval 
system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, 
mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior 
written permission of HSBC Holdings plc
Published by Global Finance, HSBC Holdings plc, London 
Designed by Global Finance, HSBC Holdings plc with Design Bridge 
and Partners, London
Printed by Asia One Printing Limited, Hong Kong, on Nautilus 
SuperWhite board and paper. Made in Austria, the stocks comprise 
100% de-inked post-consumer waste. Pulps used are totally chlorine-
free.
The FS ® C recycled label means that the materials used for this 
product come from recycled material certified in accordance with the 
rules of the Forest Stewardship Council®.